{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Homework 2\
The Last Lecture\
Mart 120\
Julia Hansson \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
After watching Randy Pausch\'92s Last Lecture, I was surprised by how little it focused on death and how much it focused on responsibility. Knowing his diagnosis gave the lecture extra weight, but what stayed with me was his insistence that circumstances are not excuses. Instead of framing his life around limitation and illness, he framed it around effort, curiosity, and discipline. \cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 One idea that stood out to me was his explanation of \'93brick walls.\'94 Pausch offers that obstacles exist to test how badly we want something, and are an opportunity to show our dedication and commitment to achieving our goals. This perspective feels especially relevant to long-term goals, where progress is rarely linear. The focus on the return to fundamentals when trying to improve our skills felt like a good reminder for me personally.\cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 I also appreciated his emphasis on enabling the dreams of others. Pausch suggests that helping others succeed is one of the most meaningful forms of achievement. This idea reframes ambition as something that can be generous rather than self-centered. I also really enjoyed the themes of mutual benefit, and when Pausch said that having something to bring to the table will make you more welcome at it. \cf2 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Overall, I felt that the lecture presented a grounded and honest philosophy of living. To see someone with such an urgent diagnosis speak on making preparations to set his family up for after his own passing, and then going on to emphasis the importance of hard work, good karma, earnestness, service to others, and pursing our dreams was particularly impactful. Recently, I have been spending a lot of time thinking about the kind of life that I ultimately want to achieve, and this lecture hit-home on much of what I have been gravitating towards. }