{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Homework 2\
Learning Styles\
Mart 120\
Julia Hansson\
\
Reviewing the different learning styles (visual, auditory, and tactile) this week was an excellent reminder that we do all learn differently. Everyone has individual perceptions and educational backgrounds, so even when presented with the same material it may land completely differently depending on the person. This feels especially true when it comes to learning, as it is best to explore new ideas in ways in which we are comfortable and familiar.\
\
Personally, I am a visual and auditory learner and thinker. Several years ago when I discovered that not everyone is a visual thinker I was completely shocked. This realization really opened my eyes to how unique each individual is in their style of learning, thinking, and generally viewing the world around them. It feels naive now to assume that everyone was processing information in the same ways that I was, but I think that holds weight as testament as to why this is such an important topic to cover. \
\
In the article 
\f1\i The Problem with \'93Learning Styles\'94 
\f0\i0 by Cindi May, I do like how she is cautious to promote learning styles as an easy fix or a replacement for having productive study strategies. While all students are unique, May reminds us that there are learning methods that have proven to be universally beneficial such as spacing out study sessions, self-testing on material, experiencing the material in multiple formats, and elaborating on material to form connections that we can remember. My feeling is that there is benefit in both the individual learner adopting the methods that they feel are most helpful to them, and using study habits that might require more discipline }